Preparation for 1.34.0 (#3248)
googleforgames/agones: docs/governance/templates/release_issue.md

- [ ] Attach all assets found in the cloud storage with {version} to the draft GitHub Release.
- [ ] Copy any review changes from the release blog post into the draft GitHub release.
- [ ] Publish the draft GitHub Release.
- [ ] Run `make release-branch` to create a release branch and run `gcloud config configurations activate <your development project>` to switch Agones development tooling off of the `agones-images` project.

> - [ ] Email the `mailing list` with the release details (copy-paste the release blog post). `Internal Agones Release Guide` has the mailing list.

Reviewer: nit: Not sure whether it matters but `Internal Agones Release Guide` here is not very clear to those who don't know about the doc. Maybe explicitly call out the mailing lists here.

Author: If my understanding is correct, we should refrain from sharing the internal document in a public forum. @markmandel, please correct me if I'm mistaken.

Reviewer 2: We can link to the public google group - that's fine. Maybe something like the following:

```suggestion
- [ ] Email all mailing lists with the release details (copy-paste the release blog post). 
  - [ ] Public (agones discuss)[list] mailing list
  - [ ] Googlers: Check the [Internal Release Guide](go/agones-release-guide) for extra steps at this stage.
```

We use go links in a few projects to link to internal stuff - but also being deliberately vague 😄

Author: I have included both the public email list and the Googlers email list in the [Internal] Agones Release Guide and added the corresponding link(go/agones-release-guide). Does it look good?

> - [ ] Email the `mailing list` with the release details (copy-paste the release blog post). Refer [Internal Mailing list posting](go/agones-release-guide). 

Reviewer 2: Minor nits on grammar:

```suggestion
- [ ] Email mailing lists with the release details (copy-paste the release blog post). Refer to the [Internal Mailing list posting guide](go/agones-release-guide) for details.
```

Other than that, LGTM.

Author: Done!
